== Traceability Plugin

Traceability is a Redmine plugin to show the traceability matrix between the
issues of two (or even three!) trackers of a project.

== Features

* Shows a summary view of the relations between two configured trackers
  (e.g. requirements vs. test cases). It can also use an intermediate tracker
  to show relations between three trackers (e.g. tasks vs. test cases through
  requirements).

== Getting the plugin

A copy of the plugin can be found in the {downloads}[http://forja.cenatic.es/]
at Cenatic Forge and also on
{Gitorious}[http://gitorious.org/redmine_traceability/redmine_traceability/master].

== Install

1. Follow the Redmine plugin installation steps at:
   http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins
2. Restart your Redmine web servers (e.g. mongrel, thin, mod_rails)

== Usage

After installation you have to configure wich trackers the plugin will operate
on (Administration -> Plugins -> Traceability Matrix -> Configure). The plugin
adds a new module (Traceability Matrix) which you can enable in the desired
projects. There is also a new permission (View traceability matrix) which you
should grant to the user roles allowed to see the matrix.

The matrix shows wich issues of one tracker are related to issues of the other
one (possible through an intermediate tracker).

== License

This plugin is licensed under the GNU GPL v2.  See LICENSE.txt for details.

== Project help

If you need help you can contact the maintainer on the bug tracker at
http://forja.cenatic.es/
